分類： #資料 #EN
- Do you like spicy soup?
- I like sushi, and you?
- I like pizza!
- Do you like this restaurant?
- Yes, I like this restaurant.
- Cheers, Hinata!
- No, this is my bedroom!
- I love this kitchen
- Is there a dog in your shower?
- chocolate
- Australia
- beautiful
- bus station
- hamburger
- hamburgers
- newspaper
- apartment
- breakfast
- video games
- living room
- My grandma lives in a pretty apartment.
- Oh, Boston is a pretty city.
- I live in a pretty apartment.
- This is my son's bedroom.
- There is a small closet in my daughter's bedroom.
- There is a big sofa in my living room.
- The bathroom is near the kitchen.
- My uncle works at a big company.
- my daughter and my son
- I go to the zoo with my mom every week.
- My son visits his grandpa every week.
- Yes, I watch anime every evening.
- That fish is two dollars.
- grandfather
- grandmother
- I often go to the park with my mom.
- I often go to the library with my friend.
- My grandpa loves Australia.
- My daughter often visits her grandma.
- I often go to the park with my mom.
- My bag is on my desk.
- I am not very busy.
- Hello, I am also from Canada.
- Do you speak Japanese with your dad?
- My bag is on my desk.
- I am a doctor, and you?
- Do you speak Japanese with your dad?
- My mom is from Japan, she speaks Japanese.
- My mom works at this hospital.
- My dad speaks Japanese with his friend.
- My grandma is from Tokyo.
- Do you speak English with your dad?
- Yes, I speak English with my dad.
- My son visits his uncle every week.
- An uncle is the brother of your father or your mother.
- He is between my brother and my sister.
- I call my aunt every morning.
- Are you busy?
- I am not very busy.
- Where is my calendar?
- Your calendar is on your desk!
- I work at a pharmacy, and you?
- I work at a big company.
- I am a student, and you?
- I am a student.
- You are a teacher.
- This is my book.
- I am not Duo.
- You are a teacher.
- Are you a teacher?
- I am a teacher.
- My mom is a lawyer.
- I am not a singer.
- Is this woman your new doctor?
- I wear a skirt.
- You have shoes.
- I cook every day, and you?
- Yes, I cook every day.
- I study English, and you?
- I study Chinese.
- I drink water every morning.
- I eat chocolate every day.
- How much is this fish?
- That fish is two dollars.
- One soda or two sodas?
- Two salads and two sodas, please.
- Where is the museum?
- The woman eats an apple.​
- A woman eats the apple.​
- Let's go to the zoo!
- This hotel is famous.
- This is the bus to my hotel.
- Excuse me, where is the park?
- Is this the train to Toronto?
- Do you have a special book?
- My mother's dress is special.
- A muffin and a tea, please.
- I eat an apple.
- She drinks apple juice.
- Hello, good morning!
- Good morning!
- Hello, I am from Canada.
- I am also from Canada!
- Hello, nice to meet you!
- Is this your house?
- Yes, that is my house.
- This is my room.
- Yes, this is my bed.
- My house is new.
- That house is old.
- Is this my phone?
- My friend works at a bank.
- My mom drinks tea at that cafe every day.
- My manager drinks tea at this cafe every morning.
- My lawyer reads a book every morning!
- My calendar is on your desk!
- Your book is on my desk!
- Where is my calendar?
- I am not very busy.
- My dog is also smart.
- I am a teacher.
- Are you a doctor?
- Hello, I am also from Canada.
- Yes, I cook every day.
- I work in the city every day.
- Yes, I eat chocolate every day!
- I study English.
- Yes, I read a lot.
- I also read every day!
- I am from Australia, and you?
- Is this your rice?
- One soda or two sodas?
- Is this my salad?
- Good afternoon, Hinata!
- Thank you, Tom!
- A muffin and a coffee, please.
- good afternoon
- supermarket
- nice to meet you
- good morning